Ragna: What the...?
Alwen: Looks like we're trapped...
Voice: Nyahaha! You've done well to come this far!
Ragna: Well, now, there you are, you stupid cat.
Montblanc: Don't you 'stupid cyat' me!
Montblanc: You're both real foolish to cyome here, y'know!
Montblanc: Fully awayre that this is sanctified ground, yet you come traipsying in here anyway...
Alwen: Hmph. This IS my castle. I don't see why I should refrain from touring my own grounds.
Alwen: You've got quite a mouth, for a mere lackey.
Alwen: Even you must realize by now that all of my power has returned, right?
Montblanc: Y-You don't scyare me!
Montblanc: Long as I'm in this cyastle, I've got Lord Zahar's protection!
Ragna: What...?
Alwen: Oh-ho. So you've borrowed power from my dear uncle.
Montblanc: Nyahaha! And that's nyot all!
Montblanc: There's a reason I've been waiyting in this spot for you!
Ragna: Damn!
Alwen: My, my. Like all those who use powers not their own, you're leaving the dirty work to others.
Montblanc: Nyahaha! That's hyow I roll!
Montblanc: And I cyan do all sorts of things with my zombies! Check THIS out!
Montblanc: Dance! DYANCE, my servants!
Ragna: What the hell?!
Alwen: They seem to be... gyrating unpleasantly.
Montblanc: Nyahaha! I'm gyonna have fun with this!
Montblanc: Step into my neverending cyarnival of zombies!
"Cyome on out!"
"Dance! DYANCE!!"
"Come! Dance for meee-ow!"
"Gyet 'em good!"
"Dance! DYANCE!!"
"Cyome on out!"
"Gyet 'em good!"
"Tyake 'em down..."
"Cyome on out!"
"Hyow d'ya like THAT?!"
"Tyake 'em down..."
"Cyome on out!"
"Gyet 'em good!"
"Tyake this!"
"Hyow d'ya like THAT?!"
"I... I cyannot forgive this impyudence!"
"Cyome on out!"
"Whaaa...?"
"I... I cyannot forgive this impyudence!"
"Cyome on out!"
"Hyow d'ya like THAT?!"
"G-Go easy on meeee-ow..."
"Cyome on out!"
"Gyet 'em good!"
"Hyow d'ya like THAT?!"
"Whaaa...?"
"Tyake this!"